---
title: 'My Motivation'
permalink: /posts/blog-post-1/
---

My motivation for the Ph.D. application came late but went strong. It's not only an impulse inspired by chance, but a clear & firm self-recognition through a long-term experience.  

About three years ago, I finished my duty as an undergraduate student well and became a recommended exemption graduate student in the College of Computer Science at Sichuan University. Thanks to [Vision Computing Lab](https://scuvis.org/), I've experienced almost every link of academic research, such as projects, publishments, mentorships, and even the daily routines of a lab. And I always kept a pure enthusiasm for research itself while both tasted achievements and setbacks, with a big ambition for high-quality work, excited for good results, and regretting why not better.  

I am a tennis fan, and once I questioned myself while watching a tight match: what's the motivation for those top tennis players to make so much effort? And I speculated that except for an external goal, they are hungry for victory once standing on the court and would like to make every shot instinctively. The heart of a champion leads them to return a ball, make a point, win a match, and accumulatively build a career. And I'd like to believe this is me, on the way of research.  

"God, grant me the serenity to accept the thing I can not change, courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference." Now I fully accept and appreciate my experience, I've learned a lot from all of them. And I've gained the courage to change the work environment. Looking forward to receiving more instructions and collaborating with all of you great researchers!  

<!-- Please show me a chance.   -->